Fifteen years ago, I was fifteen, a sophomore in high school.  School started at seven thirty-five in the morning, and on that morning, I had gotten up early enough that I had twenty minutes or so to spare before I had to start walking.

As was my habit with any scrap of free time I had available, I logged on to FluffMUCK to chat with folks.  The atmosphere was undoubtedly strange from the get-go, and it was Leonel who told me, "A plane crashed into the world trade center."  When I expressed confusion and disbelief, he encouraged me to look it up, and so I went to school with the knowledge that something extraordinary was happening.

The teachers and administrators knew that something had happened, and they made a long announcement that, although we were to go to our classes as scheduled, it would be up to the teachers whether or not to teach the subject matter at hand or to talk about the events.  In the middle of the announcement, a third plane crashed into the side of the Pentagon.

The released all of the TVs to as many classrooms as possible, and we sat in near silence as we watched the North Tower collapse.

I spent my free period in the computer lab where I helped with the student-run web server, Babylonia.  I spent as much time as I could on FluffMUCK trying to get in touch with my partner at the time, Marek, who lived in Pennsylvania.  I did the same during the C++ class I was in at the time, where the instructor let us spend the period on the internet reading about what had happened.

We watched the news through the final period of the day, photography, and I still hadn't heard back from Marek.  The punk in the class laughed at my anxiety, and told me that the reason he was better than me was that he wasn't gay - an insult that was such a non-sequitur that I laughed in his face.

Marek lived.  I lived.  All of my friends lived.  As Shining River writes, there was one confirmed furry lost in the attacks that September, but it wasn't someone with whom I was acquainted.

2,996 lives and $3 trillion in damages later, my mom and I watched a missile salvo on October 7th, signifying the start of the War in Afghanistan.

This is a furry site, always will be, but we furries are people too.  We live in the world, for better or for worse, and the events of the world affect us in myriad ways.  In the comments, we welcome you to respectfully share your stories, your memories of that day.
